[Magic] SLO thresholds (#23720)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/networking-services/tunnel-health/magic-tunnel-health-alerts.mdx

- Alert SLO
- Timestamp

## SLO thresholds

> Currently, there are seven SLO threshold values that you can configure through the dashboard. For a more granular approach, use the [API](#set-up-magic-tunnel-health-alerts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are seven SLO threshold values that you can configure through the Cloudflare dashboard. For a more granular approach, use the [API](#set-up-magic-tunnel-health-alerts).
```

> The SLO threshold for Magic Tunnel health alerts can be defined as the percentage of health checks that must be successful for each of the Magic Tunnel(s) included in the alert:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SLO threshold for Magic Tunnel health alerts is the percentage of successful health checks for each Magic Tunnel in the alert:
```
Took me a few rereads but maybe this is shorter?

| Alert Sensitivity Level | SLO threshold |
| --- 										| --- 					|
| Minimum 								| 95.0 					|
| Very low 								| 96.0					|
| Low 										| 97.0 					|
| Medium 									| 98.0 					|
| High 										| 99.0 					|
| Very high 							| 99.5					|
| Maximum 								| 99.9					|

> The time it takes to be alerted depends on the sensitivity level you configure for your SLO thresholds. Higher sensitivity levels will notify you faster when a tunnel's health degrades, but they may also trigger alerts for brief or minor disruptions. Lower sensitivity levels reduce the chance of false alarms but may delay notifications for less severe issues. While the underlying detection timing remains consistent across sensitivity levels, the speed of notification depends on how significantly the tunnel's health has dropped and the sensitivity you have chosen. Cloudflare recommends that you [test SLO thresholds](#test-slos) to see which one better serves your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time it takes to be alerted depends on the sensitivity level you configure for your SLO thresholds. Higher sensitivity levels will notify you faster when a tunnel's health degrades, but they may also trigger alerts for brief or minor disruptions. Lower sensitivity levels reduce the chance of false alarms but may delay notifications for less severe issues. While the underlying detection timing remains consistent across sensitivity levels, the speed of notification depends on how significantly the tunnel's health has dropped and the sensitivity you have chosen. Cloudflare recommends that you [test SLO thresholds](#test-slos) to decide which one better serves your use case.
```
